The master is here
Miss Late Autumn is back
Really late autumn really knows that it's back
Ouch
How is the contract signed?
Grandpa, the contract has been signed. Oops.
Okay, the Sun family didn't make things difficult for you, didn't they?
Mr. Sun is very polite to us
The contract went well
true or false?
Sun Zhonghuagui is the chairperson of Sun Group
No matter how reasonable he is
There's no need to be so polite to you
Forget the contract
Grandpa
you
I worked hard on this last night.
What about this future project?
Leave it to me?
Why should you be responsible for the contract I signed?
Just because I am the head of the business department of the Su Group
I can get you back into the company
It's not fair to get you out again, grandpa
You obviously promised me
Saying that as long as this contract is signed
I am responsible for this project
Wang Qiang, I did say such a thing.
But what Shi Man said also makes sense
You are still at ease to do a good job in the design department
This project is called Shi Man changing primary three